Just a dead old woman
Flowers are spent
Anyway alive
It's also a waste of money
Stop talking nonsense
Hurry up and get half a million
bring it to me
I'll get you five hundred thousand
Do you want to go and have a good time?
you
Do you have any conscience?
I'm your brother
Ask you for money
It's natural
Right
next month
I want to be with
Chenchen got married
If you can't palm it
The five hundred thousand betrothal gift
I am now
Just that old thing
The oxygen tube was removed
What if you could take it out?
I'll beg for mercy for you
Let that old thing
Live a few more days
I want to treat my mother's illness
Learn to work in a bar
How wronged I have been
How many looks have I received
Why do you
Make me work hard
Life-saving money earned
Use it to pick up women
Just because I am your brother
Just because you are a
Useless little cutie
Because of this old guy
Living is a waste of money
If you were today
I can't get half a million
I'll take you now
pull out
sold
Brother Hai
This little cutie
I should be able to sell it for a lot of money.
go
Take it from your own mother
Use the life-saving money to support women
Force your own sister
to sell
Do you still want to show off your face?
no
Who do you think you are?
I want you to take care of it
I'm Xiaoqing's boyfriend
her business
Of course I have to take care of it
Boy friend
you
I remembered
you are the one
Learn to move bricks
three years
The one who raises women
Poor loser, right?
You look like this
Looks stupid and poor
That’s Xu Qing
I can like you
Xiaoqing
We don't deal with this kind of scum
general knowledge
not a million
Don't even think about going in